# Cplusplus-Program-2

For this project, the problem to solve was to pick the proper data structure to use, given the specific requirements for the code.  To answer this question, I analyzed all of the project requirements and compared and contrasted the data structures in regards to the requirements.  There was not a wide variety of advantages for one of the data structures, except that the data being acquired had to be implemented in alphanumerical order.  In that case, using a Binary Tree would allow for the most efficient code and using less memory.  Making sure you understand the specifics of a data structure will allow for your to make the most efficient code possible and avoid any redundant code that you may not even need.  Making sure I used the resources I had, like my textbook, helped me avoid and roadblocks that I faced in the project.  Being able to complete this project was greatly increased my problem solving skills in regards to development.  On top of that, this project has also helped me understand the importance of planning out your project, rather than just jumping into the code.  Pseudocode and really understanding the reasoning behind every type of code you use is immensely important to avoid redundant and inefficient code.  Lastly, this project really helped me understand the importance of making sure your code is readable.  I have, in the past, made code that is very hard to understand when you go back to look at it.  This course project emphasized on using proper citing to ensure the code is readble.  This help make it easy to maintain and adapt the code if needed in the future.
